hello all youtube friends is me
ultra and this time I bring you after
as it is true four months of having
announced the trailer finally reaches
you the first part of videogames
canceled tibet prototypes us and yes like
they could observe this time I'll talk about
sonic extreme and before I start I want
tell them some little things one that I'm
looking for ideas for special videos
how are the 500 special
subscribers and the Christmas special already
which is the first Christmas that he celebrated
exists please recommend me something that
I think it's good for you to do since I'm not
very good doing specials can
leave me in the description of the video or
by personal message your ideas for those
special videos and when you have
all those ideas I will make a mini video
saying the ideas of all of them and
I will leave to vote which of all
it seems good to do two if you ask
why did it take me to do the first
chapter then the reason and I said many
times and that's my school that for some
strange reason I think everything gets
and cons and prevents me from doing videos like
the tasks are the works of Christmas
projects among others but as well as
I, too, am waiting for the day when
finally let me do quietly a
video or relax xp and well I think that
that's all hehe well well said that
what every user wanted to hear the
word let's start
sonic extreme is a platform game
that was intended for the megadrive
but it was just a project which
it would go to the dry 32x but that finally
they decided that it would be for sega saturn
blood but you will wonder then why
what did not come out so here comes what
interesting the game had many
problems to be designed in addition to
lack resources to perform such a game
that as you could see it was going to be in 3d
but that was finally abandoned in
1996 what a pity not the project
called extreme and was designed by two
teams one would be responsible for performing
the levels of the game and the other of
place bosses and enemies go both
work and so that for the game
It will be canceled but luckily
they could draw the times of their great
work but there were only four these
are the four areas provided jade
goody crystal frost red sands and
galaxy which had very good
look and they looked amazing xp but
not only was that also they are and they would have
new
units like a turn bar a few rings
that would throw it where it was
located the other and being able to jump twice
which was already possible in previous
games but I needed a field
magnetic already know the monitor with a
ray xd in 1996 some representatives
of Japanese sega went to the
headquarters of sega technical institute for
verify the progress of the game they do not
They showed no impression whatsoever
progress made in the engine
main game but they were
impressed by the boss engine and
they asked that the whole game be
modified with the engine in place
unfortunately at that time the
team was running out of hand
work and everyone had fallen on the team
of the extreme project to finish it before
the Christmas deadline was impossible
In addition to cooking and not talking about a
pokemon talked about the manager of
project which had been working
in excess and without rest to take out
forward this project had been
Sick of very understandable pneumonia
no and that's why the team had back
too much so they deduced that no
I would come out before Christmas and I would
I imagine the poor children who are
they were left with the illusion x in the game
unfortunately it was canceled
officially arrives from america decided
interrupt the game and change it for a
alternative project which was called
guess what they are and three of the
Exactly why there was so much similarity
well now I will talk to you a bit about
my impressions and other things more xy
the game seemed very good since as
we can see was going to have things that
they seemed very interesting like the way
to see the game screen which was
focused on fisheye look too
there were interesting things like that
are and could run on the walls and
could change the severity which
explains why in videos we can
see what they are and almost also fly
way of playing it looked very fun and
entertaining could have even competed
very good with Mario 64 but
unfortunately I can not see the light
but imagine if I had left
I bet it would be one of the best
games sold at that time and it will be
I would have broken so fast but that's
another story xd
and well I hope you liked it
I regret that the video was short but
I want to make a video game in addition
is to see how this series is doing and
if that happens then I'll start putting
two games so that it is not so short the
clear video all pretty much like this
and if someone wants to recommend me some
game that I'm curious to know if
was canceled or has beta content that
it's interesting you can say it in the
comments and remember that I do not respond
offensive comments whether they are not
He liked the video because it was not what
they waited since you can not be
perfect xp
remember that it's close to Christmas and
I need ideas for videos so if
do you have any idea that you want me
suggest tell me and if it seems good what
I will also need ideas for the
special 500 subscribers since the
other specials were not at all
good hehe well this has been all we
we see in the next episode or
next video
See you bye